[Music]
welcome back to let's play ally or
furious my name is carsten
i believe we have some mate to deliver
so let's head over and do that
[Music]
that would have been this direction i
believe
[Music]
i wonder if this will give us the
ability to fish that will be useful
[Music]
yes have some tasty looking medium
quality bait
yes here we go
here man i tried making the bait we
talked about before
wow this looks delicious hey
is it okay if i eat a tiny bit just to
test
you shouldn't do that it may look
delicious but i don't think it's
something meant for people to eat
i see that's too bad yeah i know exactly
how you feel although i can't admit it
out loud
oh well i'll give this bait a try you
should watch too
[Music]
wow i got so much i'm shocked
the fish sure are simple minded they
start biting like crazy after just
switching bait
yeah although that bait did look
delicious
did you say something for us nope
nothing
oh by the way it seems like you've been
fishing for a long time man is the shop
okay
the shop oh i totally forgot this is bad
what should i do
this is really bad i'm definitely going
to get in trouble this time sorry i'm
going back to the shop now see you later
[Music]
it seems like something neo would do i
just hope she doesn't get scalded by kai
oh right mia was kai's younger sister
she might know something about ships too
i should try asking her
yeah i need to oh what did i think up
oh wow new recipe and got a whole bunch
of
fish and stuff let's scroll around
okay well that's vague
oh hello hey
you're you were talking to me before
right
who are you oh sorry
my name is
oh she's suspicious of me um
i'm mae's friend you know
maya's friend and her too
that's right i'm also mia's friend my
name's lyanna
i see you're both maya's friends then
i need to introduce myself
um i'm eska
[Music]
i'm also made friend that means we're
all the same
[Music]
you're right so what were you doing
oscar
nothing maya said she's busy mia has to
look after her shop after all
i know in that case do you want to play
with me
huh is it okay yep
although i can't play for too long but a
little while is fine
really thanks then what do you want to
do
house play in the water i don't mind
you can choose us go okay um then
let's play tag you're at first paris
ready go
[Music]
today was really fun
that's good yeah
anyway i'm gonna go home now let's play
again
[Music]
i'm tired leah i'm
really tired kids around her age are
always full of energy
you you're like that too it looks like
eska had fun
you should play with her again sometime
you're right
but i think next time should be house
for something else that doesn't require
so much stamina
i thought of a new item
so our uh esca and logging just going to
be showing up in every atlear game now
like um
pamela is
let's see i need to find kai
because i thought i was supposed to talk
to him
but i'm not sure exactly where he is the
quest
item the quest uh description was kind
of vague on that
i don't see him down here although can i
go in that door now
what's this okay i found some more
finding easy for me shanty street oh
okay
[Music]
uh i really shouldn't push it this much
um whoa oh it's just you you surprised
me
you seem kind of busy kai oh well yeah
sailors have a lot of work is it because
of the water spout
what how do you know that who did you
hear it from
that's the secret well i can't help it
if you found out
it's exactly as you said i don't want to
leave things the way they are now i've
been trying to cross the water spout but
it just damages the ships and i haven't
had any decent results and i've done
something terrible to them
i want to repair them but we don't have
enough lumber because the flow of goods
stopped
it gives me a headache um then should i
go with gather lumber for you
what is it okay that would really help
but yeah just leave it to me i'll bring
a few different ones for you
i see sorry about this but thanks
[Music]
i thought of a new item all right
came up with a new recipe deliver 10
pieces of wood
all right oh there's the
boy yeah it's kind of obvious that
there's a water spot over there
wonder if we can find woman around here
somewhere
[Music]
oh there's something over there probably
water i was supposed to look at the
water spot too wasn't i
something yep slaughter
probably shouldn't go in the water right
now yeah oh i see
i see that thing on the map there
[Music]
so that's the water spout if we can see
it from here it must be huge
yes considering the size i can
understand why the shipping was stopped
yeah i guess things aren't all fun
outside
[Music]
okay i still don't can't fish
what's this over here oh chest golden
silver treasure
all right
need to find wood now i found that one
spot that had some wood
but it wasn't a whole lot
if there's someplace else because i
didn't remember 100 where that was
[Music]
boy that uh talk to kai really put me
way the heck down there
make sure long road yes long road it is
a long road
okay now back here
okay let's go here first
[Music]
at the tavern all right
that is all thank you for listening
he's dressed like a man but is he
actually a woman or
hey what are you mumbling about huh oh
um what sort of work do you do
sir ma'am why you hesitated there for a
second didn't you
i'm just like this but i'm a woman i
should introduce myself
i'm blessed a minstrel
is it lewis or louie or anyway they need
to voice more of these scenes
yes i'm fierce i'm an alchemist oh an
alchemist
that's perfect if you want you should
take a look at my shop
your shop yes i'm a traveling merchant
in addition to being a menstrual i've
got all sorts of items gathered from my
travels
be sure to come by okay all right but
didn't you say you're a menstrualis
your chops to sing so why are you also a
merchant
you really want to know why this maybe i
shouldn't have asked
no never mind then we'll leave it at
that
i travel to all kinds of places so i'm
sure we'll meet again when we do please
be sure to say hello
until next time
all right
oh hey oh it's fierce
yeah should they come with me yes the
new party member
thank you that was convenient
i resupply the merchandise that was
running low please take a look
starry night song is the name of the
shop that's nice okay
okay i'll i have three of those already
don't have either of those and it's
[Music]
cheaper
hmm
yeah i'll go ahead and get it thank you
getting more recipes is generally a good
thing
oh that's the guy you can't afford ah
okay well i have a party member now
another party member now so that's good
[Music]
okay
i need to gather some wood though oh
[Music]
hello
all right well let's go outside
and probably get to get some wood anyway
in fact you know what i heard we missed
a town
[Music]
wondering if we should just like see if
we can find that
[Music]
find that place so traveler's grove
seems to split
off to a bunch of places now that's
interesting
i think your toner goes off some other
places too
i'm hoping
that we can eventually fast travel more
than a map away
[Music]
oh she needs a special nutrients i think
i made one of those didn't i
let's see let's go this way i don't
think you've gone this way what's this
way
[Music]
silent labyrinth that does not sound
friendly
okay that looks interesting
[Applause]
[Music]
it's a material from an animal i should
ask leah for details
okay
[Music]
usually like they're mostly flowers this
would be ore
okay just thinking up new items left and
right
so i think i needed some of those for
ice bombs didn't i
all right let's go to the travelers
grove
now let's go it's okay i'll protect you
[Music]
all right good i did make multiples of
these so you can have one
that is settled all right and now i will
pick them
i'll take this
okay
oh let's uh fight with our new party
[Music]
member
five hp five hp uh well we'll fight that
one anyway since it has the turn next
[Music]
and you take out that one
i should check his skills next time he
has a turn he's level 12 also
i'm close to coming up with an idea all
right
so uh
what is this new idea
use more bombs or break more rocks
defeated a bunch of poonie you can make
a gun for whoever that is
anything special this can be used to
make medicine
it should come in handy in a pinch
[Music]
okay haven't gone south let's go south
we can toy around with them
[Applause]
[Music]
i probably shouldn't have blocked with
him
since he's taking more damage
all right easy enough having another
party member does help
it is nice to have that still need to
get up some more of the uh
the tails from these guys don't i
let's use more bumps
[Music]
that is hitting both of them
all right uh that one
i'll cut you down okay not even worth my
time
okay got some meat and another one of
those tails and a chest
all right
now
let's keep going south for right now
[Music]
keeping an eye out for gathering points
ideally ones that might have wood but
flowers and other things are also
useful
[Music]
we should end this quickly all right go
ahead and uh
use another bomb here i think that's
hitting all of them
[Music]
yeah it looks like decent hunting
practice i guess
all right rock call was learned treasure
i'll take this this can be used for
sewing spiderwebs
[Music]
okay guess we won't be gathering more
white fog forest
um all right let's go in there
and look for a spot to plop our atlea
down
[Music]
oh this is much bigger for us than the
ones we've seen
you're right when it's this steep we
could easily get lost make sure to check
your map often okay
[Music]
[Applause]
first be careful not to get so caught up
in collecting materials that you get
lost okay
i'll help you finally i'm not a kid huh
[Music]
[Applause]
it's unusual to run into people out here
are you travelers
yeah i'm fierce i'm a traveler but also
an alchemist i'm lyanna fears his older
sister
so your sister's traveling together
that's pretty cool sounds fun
sorry i forgot i'm drossel nice to meet
[Music]
you russell nice to meet you too
yeah well i'd love to stay in chat but
i've got to get out of these woods
so i know i just met you but see you bye
i wonder if she's going to be okay isn't
that the direction she came from
here and there wonderful materials
everywhere
this doesn't look like the way out what
dressle
oh fierce nice to see you again so soon
this feels kind of like fate doesn't it
but sorry i've got to go don't want her
too deep in the forest okay bye
[Music]
russell did she just pop out of those
bushes oh well
i found quite a lot today time to go
back to the atlear and
[Music]
goodness i'm finally out of this forest
or not and i guess that wasn't the way
either
russell where'd you come from this time
um don't tell me
russell are you lost lost me no way
you're so funny fierce if anything
you're the one who's lost aren't you
and would you like me to come with you
why she why she's so confident
i think it's pretty obvious that she's
the one who's lost but if i leave her
she'll probably be lost in the force
forever
should i help her get out
[Music]
furious don't get too excited and trip
what to do now yes add to party all
righty then i'll follow you
yay full party you always treat me like
a little kid
and a new recipe and i think i spotted
a campfire right over there i think
that's a campfire
since it's a forest i hope i can get
wood here too
[Music]
i found a campfire yes
i see some wood over there useful
oh that's nice
[Music]
58 lp fishing pole all right
we're definitely making the fishing pole
oh learned leather
oh my word learned a bunch of stuff
[Music]
okay
let's see here
i need two anal heights okay
now once i make that
so i need four animal heights to make
the to make the backpack
but i can definitely make the fishing
pole right now
[Music]
[Applause]
actually let's see if i do
[Music]
that
[Applause]
[Music]
okay now that's a component thing so it
doesn't matter
what material should i use so we'll just
use
that and i guess one of these
[Music]
okay this goes here
i'll put this here
this goes here
well let's see i don't think it matters
that much but
[Applause]
i do like to bump up the quality
anyway just because
okay so i'm definitely gonna equip that
[Music]
i made a fishing pole now i can fish as
much as i like
by gripping a fishing pole you can fish
at certain places to fish a purchase
spot where there are ripples in the
water press x
a short while after you start fishing
when the exclamation mark appears
pretty standard generic fishing game
several types of fishing pole okay
now let's equip that while we're
thinking of it
what should i make i can make an ice
bomb
[Applause]
it might be worth doing
[Music]
let's see too low for that
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
all right let's make an ice bomb just so
we have one what material should i use
see
[Music]
is this okay which catalyst should i use
um broken stone huh
this is general catalyst actually how
many of those do we have we have a bunch
of these
[Music]
and we'll use one of
yeah these looks good and
[Music]
let's see so i don't want to fill that
in
and the other doesn't matter okay
[Music]
[Applause]
filled in the whole thing of the uh
effects on there large the image and
flicks slow
expanded area icy smoke
[Music]
all right definitely going to equip that
what's wrong when you stare at me like
that it makes it hard to concentrate
i was thinking you've gotten much
stronger since we left home okay i'll
teach you something good
you can activate chain strikes when you
fill certain conditions in battle you
can activate
chain strikes a chain strike is a
powerful ability unique to each
character
there are two conditions required to
activate a chain strike perform a chain
attack of three or more allies and have
or more linkage by the end of it boy
that's not going to happen very often
when this happens last character who
took a turn will use a chain strike
every character has a powerful change
strike ability enough to turn the title
battle
make good use of having good luck right
okay we're near full-on lp so we'll
probably go out and do more stuff in a
minute
but uh for right now we've been going
for a little over half an hour so
i hope you are enjoying thanks for
watching and i will see you next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out leopards
my name is karsten
in case it wasn't obvious by with what
we decided to do last episode
um i have just decided to basically go
back and
explore some more of the world do some
more requests maybe get some more
recommendations letters
before we proceed on with the main plot
since we do have a lot of time and
everything comments have been saying we
have a lot of time and i've been hearing
we have a lot of time so
let's go we need to get some wood anyway
[Music]
among
and we have another party we got a
couple more party numbers now
[Music]
and she uses a uh worm of some sort
it's like a big axe actually
cold silver treasure lunchtime lunch
time
what could be for lunch oh we have to uh
wait
okay let's see what was the no not that
uh
[Music]
there we go
okay the pickaxe will help with the wood
that's right
and there's some more wood over there
[Music]
this will be a piece of cake defeating
kunis is
[Music]
good for some recipe id i believe
unless i already got that one i'm not
sure
but it's easy
there's some wood over there
yeah that's interesting
[Music]
let's see what you do
level 14 that's potentially annoying
oh i forgot to pack my icebomb
[Music]
that's annoying what skills do you have
that might be useful in fact let's go
ahead and do that since we do have a
bunch of these
well two of them and they have a lot of
hp
[Music]
and let's have you do that i'll show you
my sword things they reduce slashing or
they they
resist slashing which is annoying
[Music]
let's see if we can finish that one off
no we're not going to be able to
now i'm fired up okay we can do a combo
[Music]
this probably won't do anything but oh
and then again it might
taste oh no the cure didn't go off
i was hoping it would i need to get
stronger
that thing over there is looks nasty
don't think i want to fight more of
those jellyfish things
[Music]
i say as i am unable to avoid one
let's start with that
[Music]
get some speed down on it
so it's weak to magic attribute damage
apparently
[Music]
i'll just attack right now
it doesn't take a lot of damage from
other things though
well that knockback helped a lot nope
nope nope i do not want to fight you
right now i'm just trying to mine for
synthesis okay got a new item
wow a gem it's so shiny and mesmerizing
i want to fight more of these things
it was one of these things that gave me
that beast tide right
[Music]
i don't think i'm going to bother with a
well sure i'll go ahead and use a bomb
and why not i haven't may as well use
them
[Music]
i'll cut you down not even worth my time
me more of that rabbit fur though
okay i found some more that was not wood
i need to find something that'll get me
beast hide
with a bit more consistency
[Music]
we got some interesting looking things
over here what do you want for lunch
today
[Music]
what is this place stone ring monument
huh
a place to put an item well we will
deal with that at some point when we
have some idea what to place there
yeah okay all right i can spare you
three lumber
how can you not find any there's
actually a bunch around here
like within sight there's some other
right there in fact i'll go pick that up
just so that i have some more
and now we have thunderstorms
but i did see there was a campfire right
over there
so drop our items off
that was totally moved russell you're so
strong i know right
go ahead praise me more i used to take
sword lessons after all i'm used to
fighting
oh wait a sword but are you using an axe
yeah i use axes too but you took sword
lessons right
i don't get it the axis and swords
aren't all that different you just swing
and slice
besides donaxis seems stronger to you
they're bigger and heavier
so lately i've been using my axe more
often i see
just switching on a whim like that
you're definitely something else russell
okay so she learned a skill
uh we can make a new way mining
mining bomb and polish okay i'll have to
check out what that mining bomb is
let's see what this skill is that she
has
increases chain attack chance increases
the
lowest value of okay
actually then shouldn't she be in front
and let's see
that's a little convoluted way to do it
but okay
[Music]
all right
oh there's a mining bombs that i already
made okay oh let's while i'm thinking of
it
go into item equipment
let's put that in
hmm something i hope we never have to
use but
might be handy just in case
put that nice one in there
okay that's good for now what should i
make
now let's see we need animal height
now can we
look up animal hide and see
where we can get it outskirts path
we found it on outskirts path
was it in a i wasn't paying attention
was it in a chest or something
what should i make i wish i had been
paying more attention at that point
let's make a liquid catalyst what
material should i use
just because i have uh
haven't made it
[Music]
we'll do that okay let's start
whatever that does
oh that boosted our general catalyst
knowledge that did do a good chunk of xp
what should i
can oh no not that i want to sort by
level
but i guess that this is probably our
best thing as far as leveling goes
that's more of a component
this might be worth making
[Music]
let's see if we put that one in
um
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah let's do this
the liquid catalyst is interesting but
we'll do it out
[Music]
hmm now let's see getting all this
in may be
[Music]
okay we can do it this way
and then that and then that one
there we
[Music]
this is go all right
not bad
[Applause]
[Music]
good job it seems you've gotten pretty
used to alchemy
yep the number of things i can make has
grown too maybe i become a little more
alchemist-like
if you say of course the day you catch
up to sophie might not be too far
oh no i still have a long way to go
until then although i'd like to be that
good someday
that's the spirit fierce do your best
i'm cheering for you
thanks okay next thing to synthesize is
first learned clear insight all right
what does that do
[Music]
okay increases item power
yeah you
okay good there's more damage and has
more effects so yes definitely
[Music]
and give you that as well
all right up to 93 lp so let's go back
outside
and continue our journey
southish
let's see
let's take out that pony since i think i
still have a recipe idea for these
oh you have another thing there
[Music]
i'm going to go ahead
that's i forgot to no i did equip the
ice mom it's right there
i'll go ahead and use it
[Music]
well that's overkill
and we got a new recipe out of it not
going to complain about that
i resocked my merchandise that was
running short you should buy them
all right what do you have that's what
does that do
hmm that might be worth getting
it takes a ton of my money but
yeah i'll go ahead and get it thanks
again more recipes is always good
hmm
i see a building
i don't know if that's a town but oh i
do see multiple buildings
maybe it is a town
yeah that looks real promising
what beetle huh what are you talking
about
yes okay
not sure if this is a town or not
wow there's a village inside a forest i
didn't know there was a place like this
yep the village is called donna can you
see the tree over there oh yeah the big
one there right
that's right this village they call that
tree the divine tree and take great care
of it
so fierce you better not mess with that
tree okay i would do something like that
what kind of person can you take me for
leah
hmm could you tv travelers oh yes we
just got here actually
really then you should pay respect to
the village elder before anything she
can be quite a stickler so
uh what do you mean oh no it's nothing
the village alder's house is over there
take care
it seems there's something going on but
since we were told to pay respect we
should go see the elder
yeah i'm a little scared but let's go
visit the elders house
okay
okay so we're this way i think
elders retreat they have alchemy stuff
there
it's locked well
we'll go over this way then
oh well now it's morning so fine
who are you i'm i'm fearless
i can't hear you speak up besides what
is this
it's like your travelers you didn't
think of bringing a gift when you come
to visit someone
really you two have no matters
whatsoever be gone
[Music]
what's with her i hate this this feels
just scary
um excuse me did you want to meet the
elder by any chance
oh um yes just now i can tell i'm sorry
i forgot to mention this
our earlier could be very difficult if
you're visiting her you must bring
something with you to a piecer
like i know that i'm really sorry that's
how it is so
anyway i should be going now yeah thanks
a lot lady
i suppose we can't just leave things
with that elder lady as they are
yeah we'll have to pay respects again
right what sort of things should we
bring to a piece here
something to eat maybe hmm probably
faster to ask the villagers
you're right at any rate we just need to
prepare gifts and try again
i feel really reluctant but i guess we
can't just run away
this reminds me of my childhood i was
always swinging sticks around
you are just a merchant okay
what is the elder like let me think i
think she likes sweets she gives me
sweets all the time after all
this is the other little sweet things
okay
well let's at least make a lap around
the village check the tavern maybe
yes yes
[Music]
try setting a bomb off in the submerged
force in the southern plains
[Music]
okay
monsters have been attacking the roots
[Music]
let's bring special nutrients to the
fallen giant tree tunnel
okay yeah
well that appears at the solar forest in
early morning
all right
okay so leave flowers in a fairy circle
huh
okay yeah
all right well let's go back to our
outlier i'm
[Music]
that's a weird combination of music that
it had there overlapping
[Music]
didn't fade one out before starting the
next one
i'll try making the new item okay
now now what to make
let's see
let's go ahead and make one of these
[Music]
okay let's start i'll put this here
let's see
[Music]
all right
wonder if she wants puny jelly i can
make another one of these
what material should i use um
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah actually i bet if we used a
catalyst we could do something
interesting with that
[Music]
all right and what material let's make a
puny jelly
a lot of green pony stuff we'll use that
okay let's start
i'll put this here
[Music]
[Applause]
um yeah i don't think we're going to be
able to get the
oh well not that big
okay maybe make some of this too
[Music]
oh
i guess one of these so we'll do this
because i can always make some more of
[Music]
that
yeah i don't think we're gonna be able
to make that either
[Music]
just because of the weird shape of
things oh well it's not that big a deal
doesn't matter that much what we're
doing right now
okay so hopefully
one of those will be what she wants
the smell of france is relaxing don't
you agree
[Music]
so we'll go over to her again
oh hmm
i'll give her that one
[Music]
um miss elder i brought a gift a gift
yes here
oh now this not bad at all
well then i suppose i could hear you out
thank you very much i mean
i don't really have anything to say
beyond paying my respects really i'm
fierce i'm an alchemist trying to take
the license exam
my name is lyanna i'm here as his older
sister and i'm accompanying her on her
journey
i see i'm marielle as you know i'm the
village older here
[Music]
but you're an optimist you say well
that's perfect my back pain won't let me
move from here why don't you get some
vegetables from the merchant for me
here's the money for them you can keep
the change
um okay but what did you mean perfect
are an alchemist basically jacksonville
trades go on get going already
yes ma'am
what a quiet place okay
five sweet shoots sweet should be sold
at a store
i've restocked them okay
thanks again
okay please come back now i will
actually
before we deliver that we're actually
just going to run back here
and save the game take a quick break
because we've been going for a little
over half an hour
i want to see what that new recipe is
though obviously we won't craft it quite
yet
um yeah that should be fine
nope doesn't show what the new recipe is
[Music]
but in any case i hope you're enjoying
thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
ferris my name is karsten let's go ahead
and continue on with
dealing with our errands
[Laughter]
[Music]
i don't know where these beetles are
that she keeps talking about
let's go back over here and deliver the
vegetables that we picked up earlier
yes right
is this okay
oh this is exactly the item i asked you
for i thank you for this
i can make tasty pickles now now there's
something else i wanted to ask of you
will you accept oh sure what could it be
i want you to go find some wood for a
fire with my back even gathering
firewood is difficult
you're an alchemist aren't you gathering
things should be your specialty please
do so
alright then i'll go gather some
[Music]
hey is this all right doing favors for
ariel seems like she's just making you
do her chores
huh i'm fine with it it's kind of nice
to be relied on you know
seems real has it tough with her back
pain so i should help her out
oh my dear ferris you're such a good
girl well then let's finish gathering
that firewood quickly okay
i'll help out too probably already have
enough
five pieces of wood i'm pretty sure i
have five pieces of wood
yes
[Music]
is this okay
oh these will make good firewood and now
it won't be cold
however there's so much more i want you
to do for me
huh you can say no though it's up to you
so
will you do it for me i'm okay
yes i will really that would be a great
help now then what should i ask you
come to think of it you don't seem to
very good with physical tasks
oh well that's true i'm not that great
at them but
i won't do to leave your weak points as
they are thus i'd like you to go to feed
some monsters
we've been having some nasty monsters
settling near the village they should be
perfect for training your body
go take care of them quickly and puff it
up that frail body of yours no no chop
chop
okay
okay go defeat the monster
all right the monster whatever this the
monster is
this reminds me of my childhood i was
always swinging sticks around
okay so it's up there
so let's go north first
because we have something for
this area if we can find it
[Music]
ah there we go
this is interesting
[Music]
okay glad i had some of these
this can be used to make medicine it
should come in handy in a pinch
all right now next up
actually can i get around there this way
oh there's a chest over there
i believe maybe where is it
ah there it is
well that was underwhelming
and street north
[Music]
yeah okay
go ahead and grab some more wood since
we oh that's interesting
for me uh this way
i'm not sure where this the monster is
okay
west oh
defeat the monster that she's talking
about
i guess it's this one
there that's the monster he'll ask me to
defeat okay don't panic
stay calm here i go
[Music]
you'll regret facing me it's
wimpy all right
[Music]
okay well let's start with that
always good to start with the guard
break
and we can reduce their speed and it
resists that
so we'll do a regular attack no sleep
pollen lovely
did not need that
[Music]
[Applause]
well it's dead anyway
that was not hard at all
i beat it i feel like i got a little
stronger all right i need to go report
here ariel that i defeated the monster
okay except i'm gonna go
here i think
oh that's early morning i don't think
it's early morning right now
no it's lunch time okay well let's just
uh
go here
and let's see there was
what's this one do converse with the old
man near the big tree
okay now you're a shop
you're not an old man
it doesn't seem to show the quest on the
map which is annoying
look at what fell from this tree things
sometimes come falling down like this
looks like the tree itself is showing
its appreciation
here you should take it okay golden tree
leaf
well that sounds useful and unique
one of those probably one of those two
awesome to use things
and i can't go in there because it's
nighttime figures
but by the time i get over to here it'll
probably be day
nope not quite so
let's maybe craft one quick
[Music]
what to thing
any of these i haven't made that i can't
oh it takes
12 hours um
the evening by the time it's done so
reluctant to do that
[Music]
still need more animal hide
i need multi-colored dye
i can make this i'm gonna make one just
to have one it will take 24 hours but
that's okay
[Applause]
just by the time we then get back over
then it'll be
morningish
[Music]
um
sure let's do that
[Music]
material set this goes here
hmm
i'll put this here this goes here
that one that
that nope i can't do it oh well
this is fine okay just to have
done the crafting of it all right
now we'll go back out there
i want to get another level and alchemy
because we're almost at another level
alchemy
but we will be doing more crafting
anyway
um oh no it's like midnight i was
misreading the time
that's okay we can go do something else
like fight a pony
[Music]
that's okay not a disaster at this point
there we go
i'll take this
we'll fight you and then we'll head back
we should end this quickly
[Music]
let's go ahead and finish up this bomb
got a lot of meat out of that all right
let's uh just warp ourselves back there
[Music]
miss ariel i defeated the monster you
asked me to oh is that so
looks like you're got a little tougher
oh you think so too
actually i was thinking about myself
it's a joke there's no way defeating one
little monster would make that much of a
difference
what anyway leaving that aside
it's about time i asked you are you
really okay with this
you already realize that i'm just
pushing you around right
that's not you have an objective don't
you
taking a license exam yes and yet you
just do what i ask and finish my chores
why is that
it wouldn't have mattered if you just
ignored the demands of an old lady like
me
that's because you seem to be in need
the license exam is important sure but i
can't just ignore someone having trouble
right in front of me
sure or not if it helps someone then i
think it's all right is that wrong
you're interesting i like that i'm sorry
for testing you so much that's enough
choice for you
i'll give you one final assignment as an
alchemist
well what assignment i'm i'm not sure
where this is going
you really are a dense child i suppose
i'll have to tell you
i may not look it but i'm an alchemist
too i passed my license exam decades ago
i realized you were an oculus the moment
i saw you everything so far was a test
see if you were worthy of my
recommendation
[Music]
no way that means i got scrolled for
nothing
it's not for nothing that was all part
of my test too now back to what i was
saying sorry to trouble you
but please meet me in front of the
divine tree i shall give you my final
assignment there
[Music]
huh oriole i thought you couldn't walk
because your back pain
oh i lied i'm not that decrepit yet
[Music]
light that's awful l'oreal but to think
ariel was an alchemist
she's been testing you all along yeah
for now we'll just have to go to the
divine tree to get our last assignment
[Music]
yeah well we all saw that coming
with the alchemy supplies right outside
the door it was
kind of blatantly obvious
[Music]
you come first look at the divine tree
here
[Music]
this divine tree was here long before i
was born it's been standing here for an
unthinkable amount
of time indeed for decades centuries
spread its roots and stretches both high
to the heavens
i would like to live like that too if i
could but i can't fight the passage of
time
my back is still fine but sure enough my
body is starting to wear out in places
so then here's what i want you a pen
block must to do for me make this
this is a special made compress when i
put this on my body it eases my egg
significantly
i see i see isn't that another chore
after all
what a thing to say i just told you it's
a special made compress
that thing is no ordinary compress it's
a special item only capable alchemist
could make
i trust you can do this yeah i'll do my
best with everything i've got
good answer i'll be back in my home i'm
counting on you
i thought of a new item the tree popping
out if you get too
close that whole cutscene was kind of
there and it goes away if we get too
close that
probably could have been adjusted a bit
better there
but in any case
assuming that we're reasonable enough
level to do this shouldn't be too hard
[Music]
all right oh yeah it's only level 11.
easy
[Music]
and that one
yeah one of these
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah we can't get the uh both of them
but it doesn't matter
it's a quest item anyway
all right easy and we got a level out of
it too
now were there 16 things that i was
looking at making
a little 17. i'm sure we'll have reason
to make that other one soon enough
hmm 40 hours though
[Applause]
[Music]
now is she standing outside or do i have
to wait until morning to
probably have to wait until morning when
our shops open
yeah that's kind of annoying
probably one of the more annoying things
that i'm having to deal with on this is
shop hours
shop hours wouldn't be so bad if i
didn't have that time left counter i
know it's supposed to be generous
but still
i'll make one of these
[Applause]
[Music]
all right mike could use some more
piercing damage but that's okay
in fact
let's go with
the general catalyst
[Music]
oh we can do it this way
impact damage large piercing damage
medium soul stabbing thorns and rugged
all right
so let's equip that while we're thinking
of it
and now her door should be unlocked
yes is that okay
for real i made the compress you asked
for oh is that so
well then could you put it on me now huh
put it on you
naturally it's compressed after all or
are you saying you won't help me
oh no not at all all right i'll help you
put it on well then please do so
[Music]
there is this okay oh yes there ah
that's it it's working well
yes my body is eased up quite a bit your
alchemy is pretty impressive
well shouldn't be an issue then here
take this this is a little record
of recommendation is it all right for me
to have this yes i told you that was the
final assignment
you have the skills to be a licensed
without issues
thank you very much besides i feel bad
making a talented alchemist do my chores
yet again
wait did you say chores of course that's
a chore it might be hard to make but
it's just a compress you know
how could making a compress or maybe
anything but another chore
how awful you said it was done with
chores
that's just how the world works sure or
not if it helps someone i think it's all
right
don't forget what you told me before
alchemists might seem impressive but
most of our work is plain
whatever may happen do your best to
never give up
ariel yes i understand i didn't need to
sound so preachy well you have your
letter of recommendation now go
your objective is to take the license
exam yes you can't be wasting your time
in a place like this forever
you have my support if only just a
little take care
all right
i'm glad we went down here got another
letter of recommendation
so i think we will for right now
[Music]
and back up this is interesting
what do you want for lunch today
[Music]
let's uh is that like really any item
here
let's put a flower
[Music]
let's put this plain flower there
and we'll try to remember to come back
later
now let's head over this way
oh there's another one
um
[Music]
what about over here
i'll grab some more wood since that's
always useful
[Music]
i thought of a new item oh well that's
also useful
[Music]
new items and recipes all over the place
so let's head back up this way
now i do want to keep things mostly
spoiler free
but if someone wants to comment and tell
me
if it's worth exploring this side of the
lake
more or if i should go ahead and work
towards crossing you're always having
fun
let's see
i think i will go at least a bit over
having fun it's a waste if you don't
enjoy your life
oh no you need to resist you can't eat
this
even if you're hungry
[Music]
stronger swordsman universe here
all right what's over this way i haven't
been this way yet
no i'm good okay so that connects up
there
what's down here
[Music]
all right get some more water probably
what's down here what's the world map
look like
[Applause]
oh i think that just connects up i do
see another cabin or something down
there
going north might be good too
[Music]
hmm
well we'll continue to head this way at
least for the moment
there's something over here certainly
[Applause]
[Music]
southern plains
what oh
so what was this lure a bomb to submerge
planes
okay well let's check what that is since
i'm here
[Music]
well actually what we'll do is keep an
eye out for a campfire
since we're at about a half an hour
[Music]
grab some of this over here as we pass
here is a campfire
[Music]
oh there's a there we go
wetland house and campfire
so we'll go ahead and take a break
[Music]
we're in here's black tree stone and
core crystal
interesting let's take a quick look i
won't make them right now
let's see what they are
it's an ore and a plant
[Music]
jim mitch guidance hidden power okay
that's going to be one of those things
that
gets synthesized and changed synthesis
to
put attributes onto other things i can
tell already
[Music]
all right but for right now hope you
enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play highly fierce
my name is karsten let's
continue on actually let me just double
check if i
want to equip any more items i think i'm
good
um
let's go ahead and have one of these
ready just in case
[Music]
and may as well have another one of
these and
bomb
[Music]
and one of these just to have some extra
variety there
[Music]
okay let's check out this house
that's interesting it's a material from
an animal
i should ask leah for details
yeah but it's not the material from the
animals that i want
it's paper leah do you want me to draw
your portrait
okay we got something up here oh a cave
hmm
all right let's take a quick peek in the
cave it might be dark
but i know where to go we need to go
this way
we need to find oh my god
okay well let's just grab some of these
easy for me anything special
all right now wow a gem a bunch of these
guys
let's see what you're in how tough you
are okay
level 15.
[Music]
um you may as well throw one of these on
there
it'll do more than a regular damage at
least
uh knockback's annoying
[Music]
hmm let's do this
and let's see
[Music]
flame strike
we'll do guard break probably shouldn't
be done guard break to start with
um we'll go ahead and do that
[Music]
all right um it's over
now i'm fired up okay so
[Music]
um
press the offensive yeah this isn't
going to do anything really
other than make sure it dies
[Applause]
okay not too bad but
not something i want to spend a lot of
time fighting a lot of
in the morning all right
i don't feel like fighting a bunch of
those guys right now and i need to see
what i can do about this big silver rock
so
hello
[Music]
oh hey there's someone out here
i wonder if it's even true siri is known
for its tree-shaped ore
[Music]
okay well yeah i found some of these um
here have the quality 12 one
no no quality 12. there we go yes
okay that was easy enough
now south
wait what was this quest oh it is a bomb
that area over there
[Music]
um we'll just use
hmm we're using any bag
[Music]
okay
okay great hall clear
all right
[Music]
ooh don't think i want to fight you
let's go back up this way just be
careful where you step
and some more wood there we go
since that's wood type things are always
useful
there is i can't fire
but there is another village area here
this is interesting deserted village
oh i'm kind of thirsty well i don't know
if i want to fight you
[Music]
anything special
we got another map point
none of those are enterable according to
my map let's go over here
hmm
anything down here it's morning
you're so cute today too
there's a campfire
white sand shore
those are new such flowy sand
i need to make sure it doesn't blow away
in the wind it doesn't look like i can
get anywhere here
without some type of during lunchtime
boat or raft or something
um down to 36 lp
i should probably spend some time doing
something about that
what should i make now let's see
let's go ahead and make another mini bag
catalyst okay let's start material sets
i'll put this here
[Music]
i'll put this here this goes here
yeah this looks good
minus two oh yeah that'll be useful um
i can pick one trait let's
the see the power the stronger it gets
okay
we'll just use that one
now let's see there were a couple other
things that i wanted to try to make i
believe
i'm going to make one of these since i
don't have one yet
[Music]
[Applause]
um
let's see
[Music]
red is probably most useful here
i don't have a lot of things that do
that i could use a liquid catalyst
though
so blue or green would be good
we'll use one of these
[Music]
um
what's the last green one relieve
consumption
removes one ailment not sure what no
additives does
what's a component thing
[Music]
[Applause]
so rather than that
let's focus on blue
[Music]
okay curious blind or losing the element
hd recovery medium yeah that sounds good
which catalyst should i use
okay okay
[Applause]
all right let's do that no
what we want is that one there
[Music]
[Applause]
oh we're not gonna be able to do it then
let's see
[Music]
what do we want we want something that's
has horizontal across the top ideally
now i can use one of those distilled
waters i guess
yeah we'll do that okay let's start
material
[Music]
you know actually no we could have done
it with the other one oh well not that
big of a deal
[Music]
[Applause]
this looks good
material okay is this okay yeah that's
good enough
pretty good
i'm used to making this now got another
level up on the artana salve still don't
have suspicious liquid or zapping water
[Music]
you might want to make some more general
catalysts or liquid catalysts
but we can hold off on that need animal
hides
and multi-colored dye
[Music]
i thought i made one of these now i have
seven oh i can i can make them it's
another one like the spirit stone where
i can make them or find them
it takes 40 hours i'll go ahead and make
it
let's see
if we do one of these and then that
that does get everything
[Music]
don't think any of these are useful for
[Applause]
[Music]
instead of that
oh that one's interesting
[Music]
yeah let's try this
[Applause]
yeah that looks good
night lightning huh not sure what all
those effects do
oh come on one xp from level
um could make another ingots
make some
uh let's see
let's do this let's take a look and see
if we have any recipe ideas
hmm
[Music]
make more cloth
gathered plant oil
[Music]
need to make another ingot
[Applause]
[Music]
it was this knuckle guard i haven't seen
that one
it's a whole line it should be it should
be on my list somewhere then from
if it's showing up with the uh hmm
i just not see it oh there it is
huh
all right let's try making it
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
not the best but
we'll give it a try here
[Music]
we use a general catalyst
and we want
material set this looks
i good what the other one was what's the
line do not trade transfer
i don't think it matters that much but
let's go ahead and throw it on there
which traits should i choose attacks
against humanoid type masters are always
critical
increases attack and defense by five
let's increase attack and defense
all right let's make another ingot
another cloth because
apparently that will help out i'm not
going to
use anything real fancy for these
got a ton of these and
here's one of these
one of these one of these
[Applause]
actually um we want blue and green let's
see if we can do that
one of those and one of those
another one of those
there we go
melts easily and extends well
[Music]
okay let's start material set
material set
[Music]
no
there we go so the order i place them
definitely does matter
[Music]
and another cloth
yeah i'll go ahead and use these up no
[Music]
i won't use one of them and one of these
and one of these
stretches easily
[Music]
[Applause]
i wasn't paying attention didn't get the
stretches easily oh well
not the end of the world
now why did i not get the uh those items
do i need to make even more
[Music]
let me just jump right back in and see
if i get new item ideas from that
[Music]
me i don't understand the way the recipe
ideas work
which is entirely possible alright let's
go back up this way
red pony have i fought red ponies before
i don't know if i have
we could toy around with them
[Music]
let's see
they have aoes which is kind of annoying
i always with attack down
oh i forgot to see if who equips that
gun i would guess it's this guy but
we'll see
i'll show you my sword no these guys are
almost dead i shouldn't have wasted it
oh well
[Music]
can i equip
no i can't well next time we get to a
camping spot i will try to remember to
do that
doesn't look like we can go any further
up there
now let's just jump around to here
you don't look like you'll likely drop
animal fur
are you tired yet fearless let's go over
this way
[Music]
now it doesn't look like i can get to
anything here either
all right let's go ahead and jump to
there and that's a dead end
[Music]
oh well i'm here let's check the
equipment
[Music]
you don't have anything no you don't
have anything well that gun
crafting was a waste though i'm sure
i'll make it eventually
attack 15 to 20
actually who has the best speed you do
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah let's give that to you
[Music]
in fact actually yeah that's fine
i wonder if he uses that gun
so now i just need to get
back that says they connect but i don't
think they do
but i will go up see if i can go up this
way
i'll go up there yeah i think i'll just
head back to the town
assuming they don't get horribly lost
so i do wonder about that abandoned
village
time to put my skills to use
i'm just going to try going straight
north the whole middle of this
area that i haven't explored yet
[Music]
also i gotta keep an eye out for
anything that might have
animal fur i know this won't but this
can be used
yes it is i just said that
[Music]
[Applause]
oh i think i just got one of those
another one of these things golden tree
leaf
oh that's useful
[Music]
let's explore inside the cave
something about this cave what a dimly
lit place
be very careful about your footing
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
this one's tough
[Music]
i think i'll have a flash of insight
soon
[Music]
so what is it about this cave that i got
the
that pop-up or the answer the the quest
about it
that was unexpected
ooh let's defeat
the hourly room that guards the treasure
chest
okay let's uh hope i don't die horribly
here
[Music]
this should be entertaining level 22.
that's worrying but let's start with
guard break
the effect activates a second time later
that's probably good
that reduces enemy defense so i should
probably start with defense reducing
ones
[Music]
reduces stats
increased defense is probably good
yeah we're gonna do thousand shot
i won't let you get away it's probably
gonna overkill on this guy but
i worry about sudden bosses in caves and
stuff like this
alright
[Music]
let's use one of these crafts on them
let's coordinate our movement all right
press the offensive
i'm fired up
[Music]
all right it's dead
experience oh yeah it's very dead
well that that's not impressive and this
interesting okay we got some idea points
out of it
let's go ahead and head back out of the
cave though
assuming i don't get horribly lost man i
wish i had maps for caves
no i don't want to deal with you
anything special
okay no i don't want to deal with you
right now
um just going to use a
boonie bag
[Music]
all right well that seems like a good
spot to take a break
we will head back to uh this time and go
from there maybe continue onto the plot
i'll try making the new lighting bomb
okay
well that sounds interesting but i hope
you enjoy it thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play alley or
ferris my name is karsten
i uh as you see here i happen to check
the dlc and apparently i have the
the dlc for the two costumes
i didn't even realize that since i
thought it was just the uh
physical versions they got that but
apparently it automatically gave it to
me i mean it's
not the digital version but apparently
it did automatically give it to me
without the physical version
[Music]
all right um let's take a quick look at
this
[Applause]
increase rate of finding rare materials
with gathering and fishing
that actually might be good
moving synthesis caused less time to
[Music]
pass
let's do this
[Music]
and then change
for uh synthesis you know the movement
takes less time with the other we should
be okay
actually
oh yeah we're 62 lp we'll be fine uh
we'll be fine
and let's see we need to go
north
this way i think yeah
i may as well use these since the
recovery outfit doesn't have any effect
oh hey we can fish
[Music]
perfect okay
all right now let's go back around here
looks like we have to
[Applause]
we can only teleport to those two spots
but i want to go around to there oh wait
can we move to the can we move to the
campfire
yes we can
[Music]
string is really useful
bring five flowers to the woods by the
water
okay
is that um
right here okay
is that okay
[Music]
okay
so what does that do
and i can check after three days okay
well it'll probably be more than three
days before we come back and check
[Music]
okay so
we can teleport between these it looks
like um
it's just the quest ones that oh and we
can't teleport on dungeons but we can to
campfires and landmarks just looking
down at we have a move option on each of
these
so that's good to know unfortunately
there's no
edge of map move option
[Music]
[Applause]
more flowers from you
i'm getting a little tired but i'm still
fine
grab some of this this is fuel it's
useful for traveling and for synthesis
it's all white everywhere i need to be
careful
i'm getting a little tired all right
did i check the other way here yes we
did okay the map around here is all
filled out
this is a nice feeling all right let's
grab this
and we'll fish over here
then we'll head into town and continue
on with the uh stuff there
okay perfect
okay i guess that means a rare item
[Music]
perfect okay i think i got an
idea let's just check the recipe hence
real quick
uh recipe ideas yeah
okay
[Music]
so i guess fishing more on that one make
more ingots
okay the other would
[Music]
defeat more animals all right
anywhere animals right here no
[Music]
it's a material from an animal i should
ask leo for details
all right we'll go into town
[Music]
and we'll stop by the atlier and switch
our outfits to
the less time one
because that'll be more useful here
lyanna there's something we would like
to ask
it's nothing major but how old are you
liana
huh me i'm 18.
she really was younger no
way see it's exactly as i said
[Music]
what's going on why are you asking for
leah's age
oh sorry to tell the truth plato was
scolding me about cleaning up earlier
and
the room was in a miserable state and it
was painful to look at
so i told her it was intolerable i also
said that despite being younger
lyanna is much more responsible than her
so i objected to that saying that lyanna
is older than me
so it's only natural for her to be more
responsible that's why
i'm embarrassed to say we had an
argument over lyanna's age
so that's what happened but i don't
think i'm that responsible
the fact that you say that alone makes
you responsible
i'm going home i've lost all my
self-confidence
[Applause]
i'll be leaving as well i'm sorry for
intruding
[Applause]
teacher was pretty shocked although i
think she's pretty responsible too
[Music]
you're right i think sophie is quite
admirable myself
this is a little rude to her but if i
compare her to you leah
i think you're way more responsible
my that makes me happy as a special
treat i'll make your favorite for
tonight's dinner
i need to go buy the ingredients right
away since it's a special occasion
i'll splurge on more expensive ones
she'd be more responsible if she wasn't
like this
all right let's change the outfit back
[Music]
i like that outfit
that's a nice little effect but it
does that
no other outfit options for anyone else
right now
all right we're only at 41lp but that
should be fine since i don't think
it's not likely what we're going to do
next needs lp now let's see
ask allergy for advice
okay
so let's talk to logie
[Music]
audrey there's something i wanted to
discuss with you discuss
i don't mind what is it
[Music]
you want to put armor on a ship to pass
through the water spout
i'm surprised to hear something like
that was happening but your idea is just
as surprising
is it too reckless i'd be lying if i
said it wasn't but i don't think it's
impossible
if you're passing through a waterspout
the ship's strength is vital covering
the hall and metal would increase it
i think it's worth a shot really all
right
see aren't you glad you asked yep you
were right about that leah
with armor on the ship we could even
pass through a water spout audrey agreed
so it must be fine
let's think of the other required parts
all right
[Music]
so let's go talk to
maya
[Music]